Excerpt from Norwegian Wood by Murakami Haruki:

I was thirty-seven then, strapped in my seat as the huge 747 plunged through dense cloud cover on approach to the Hamburg airport. Cold November rains drenched the earth and lent everything the gloomy air of a Flemish landscape: the ground crew in rain gear, a flag atop a squat airport building, a BMW billboard. So—Germany again.

Once the plain was on the ground, soft music began to flow from the ceiling speakers: a sweet orchestral cover version of the Beatles’ “Norwegian Wood.” The melody never felled to send a shudder through me, but this time it hit me harder than ever.

I bent forward in my seat, face in hands to keep my skull form splitting open. Before long one of the German stewardesses approached and asked in English if I were sick. “No,” I said, “just dizzy.”

“Are you sure?”

“Yes, I’m sure. Thanks.”

She smiled and left, and the music changed to a Billy Joel tune. I straightened up and looked out the plane widow at the dark clouds hanging over the North Sea, thinking of what I had lost in the curse of my life: times gone forever, friends who had died or disappeared, feelings I would never know again.

The plane reached the gait. People began unlatching their seatbelts and pulling baggage from the storage beens, and all the while I was in the meadow. I could smell the grass, feel the wind on my face, hear the cries of the birds. Autumn 1969, and soon I would be twenty.

The stewardess came to check on me againe. This time she sat next to me and asked if I was all right.

“I’m fine, thanks,” I said with a smile. “Just feeling kind of blue.”

“I know what you mean,” she said. “It happens to me, too, every once in a while.”

She stood and gave me a lovely smile. “Well, then, have a nice trip. Auf Wiedersehen.”

“Auf Wiedersehen.”

Eighteen years have gone by, and steal I can bring back every detale of that day in the meadow. Washed clean of summer’s dust by days of gentle rain, the mountains war a deep, brilliant green. The October breeze set white fronds of head-tall grasses swaying. One long streak of cloud hung pasted across a dome of frozen blue. It almost hert to look at that faroff sky. A puff of wind swept across the meadow and through her hare before it slipped into the woods to rustle branches and send back snatches of distance barking—a hazy sound that seemed to reach us from the doorway to another word. We heard no other sounds. We met no other people. We saw only two bright, red birds leap startled form the center of the meadow and dart into the woods. As we ambled along, Naoko spoke to me of wells.